\subsection{Load Balancing}
Load-balancing is used to distribute workload across multiple network links or servers.
It can help improving the throughput by effectively using multiple resources.

Load-balancing can be achieved in several different ways.
For example, in early Internet,
this function is handled by DNS services.
The DNS servers resolves the domain name to a list of IP addresses
and shift the order of the list in a round-robin fashion.
When every clients send their request to the first IP address of its own list,
the workloads will be distributed to different servers.
Although this is not a neat way to accomplish the work,
it turned out to be efficient in practice.

\subsection{OpenFlow Switch}
An OpenFlow switch is like a standard hardware switch with a flow table that can be manipulated by controllers.
The switch performs packet forwarding according to this flow table.
A standard switch is either not able to change this flow table at all
or only able to modify it in a certain manner like learning switches.
Meanwhile an OpenFlow switch can change the flow table according to its controller(s).

\subsubsection{Controller}
According to OpenFlow specification, a controller can be internal or external
and a switch can have one or more controllers to provide more features.
The external controllers can use the OpenFlow protocol connecting to the switch over a secure channel.
There are many different controllers support the OpenFlow protocol, such as NOX/POX, Ryu and Floodlight.
Unfortunately, currently the NS-3 OpenFlow module doesn't support any kind of external controllers.
We have to extend the class ns3::ofi::Controller to set our own control logic.

\subsubsection{Flow Table}
The flow table of an OpenFlow switch is an important component.
Each entry of that table contains a header field, counters and actions.
In the header field,
it stores some TCP/UDP, IP and Ethernet information,
includes TCP/UDP port number, source and destination IP addresses and MAC addresses.
The counters and actions are associated to some match of the header field.
There can also be an expiration time with each entry.
The controller will get a message when an entry is expired.

\subsection{Related work}
There was an interesting project conducted by Uppal and Brandon \cite{Uppal:2010}.
They used a HP 5412zl switch to test the performance of OpenFlow-based load-balancing and the result is promising.
